Sydney, Australia - Our digital world is incredibly complex, with billions of computers and millions of humans all trying to work together.

In many cases, computers systems collaborate without human intervention. This is often a huge headache for
users, programmers and business stakeholders.

Collaborating systems agree a mutual contract that each computer must obey if they want to use the service.

Technically, these are called APIs. They are the backbone of the modern internet.

APIs power everything from e-commerce to email.

Every computer or smart phone can send and receive emails simply by following these globally agreed email contracts.

Household names such as Microsoft, Amazon, EBay, Google, Facebook, SAP and Salesforce are some of the biggest providers of API services.

Increasingly, modern businesses create private APIs so that their trading partners can do business with them more efficiently.
In a recent survey, there are nearly 200,000 API services, 9 out of 10 of of them are private.

Of course, if a contract changes all the users of the services must be re-programmed. This is a huge expense and inconvenience.

Experts predicts billions of devices will be coming online in the next few years. This
is often called the Internet of Things, where everything from our cars to heart monitors will be
connected to the Internet.

A team of Australian software engineers have worked out how to make it cheaper
for people and computers to collaborate more seamlessly.

The team used techniques borrowed from Artificial Intelligence research to produce and consume
APIs by describing what we want to achieve, rather than how to do something.

Their solution, Scorpio, was designed to allow businesses to enjoy the benefits of integration.
In the process, to reduce software costs & complexity, minimize manual data entry, increase data quality, and

In the end, Scorpio aims to make business-to-business collaboration more automated, efficient and transparent whilst
improving agility and flexibility.

It's a win-win - a big problem, an elegant solution and best of all, Scorpio is free.

Visit www.scorpio4.com for more details, and find expert to help you to build a more connected world.
